 # Oct 18 2017, Skype

Present: Rohan, Sofie, Petter, Cristian, Ali

## Administrative

 - Use https://github.com/shaesaert/BeST for latex and sync to sharelatex
 - Meeting tomorrow 10/19 regarding current status of code
 - Next meeting with faculty will likely be on Oct 31, 3pm-4pm

## Project format

 - We will move project forward with different reports that are developed in parallell
=======
# Oct 18 2017, Skype

Present: Rohan, Sofie, Petter, Cristian, Ali

## Administrative

 - Use https://github.com/shaesaert/BeST for latex and sync to sharelatex
 - Next meeting with faculty will likely be on Oct 31, 3pm-4pm
 
